Add toBeView() (#101)
def-studio/pest-plugin-laravel-expectations: docs/content/en/expectations/views.md

---
title: Views Expectations
menuTitle: Views
description: ''
category: 'Expectations'
fullscreen: false
position: 10
---

### `toBeView()`

> Assert that the value is an instance of \Illuminate\View\View, also name and data is identical with data passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assert that the value is an instance of \Illuminate\View\View with the given name.
```

```php
expect(view('page'))->toBeView('page');
 ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

it can optionally check that the data array was given to the view
```

---
title: Views Expectations
menuTitle: Views
description: ''
category: 'Expectations'
fullscreen: false
position: 10
---

### `toBeView()`

Assert that the value is an instance of \Illuminate\View\View with the given name.

```php
expect(view('page'))->toBeView('page');
 ```

It can optionally check that the array was given to the view.
```php

> expect(view('page')->with('data', 'foo'))->toBeView('page', ['data']);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expect(view('page')->with('data', 'foo'))->toBeView('page', ['data' => 42]);
```
